While Troop 151, Boy Scouts of America (T151) makes every effort to present accurate and reliable information on this Internet Site, T151 does not endorse, approve or certify such information, nor does it guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, timeliness or correct sequencing of such information.

Use of such information is voluntary and reliance on it should only be undertaken after an independent review of its accuracy, completeness, efficacy and timeliness. Reference to any specific commercial product, process or service by trade name, trademark, service mark, manufacturer, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation or favoring by T151.

T151 (including its employees and agents) assumes no responsibility for consequences resulting from the use of the information herein (or from use of the information obtained at linked Internet addresses) or in any respect for the content of such information, including (but not limited to) errors or omissions, the accuracy or reasonableness of factual or scientific assumptions, studies or conclusions, the defamatory nature of statements, ownership of copyright or other intellectual property rights, and the violation of property, privacy, or personal rights of others. T151 is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, or reliance on such information. No guarantees or warranties, including (but not limited to) any express or implied warrantees of merchantability or fitness or particular use or purpose, are made by T151 with respect to such information.

While we endeavor to keep this site free from viruses, malware, and other malicious software, access and use of the Site is at your own risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer or system or loss or data that may result from use or downloading any Content or other material or data from the Site.

At certain places on this T151 Internet Site, live links to other Internet addresses may be accessed. Such external Internet addresses contain information created, published, maintained, or otherwise posted by institutions or organizations independent of T151. T151 does not endorse, approve, certify or control these external Internet addresses and does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, timeliness or correct sequencing of information located at such address. Use of any information obtained from such addresses is voluntary, and reliance on it should only be undertaken after an independent review of its accuracy, completeness, efficacy and timeliness. Reference to any specific commercial product, process or service, by trade name, trademark, service mark, manufacturer, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation or favoring by T151.
